Edit Comparisons (#6662)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-comparisons-rollups.md

A **non-interactive method** (associated with validity proofs) relies on cryptographic mechanisms,
such as SNARKs or STARKs, to validate transactions upfront. These proofs are generated off-chain and
submitted to L1 for verification without requiring dispute resolution. While these methods offer

> near-instant finality (limited by L1's finality), in theory, in practice delays are sometimes intentionally introduced as

Reviewer: In light of what was said, along with what I know - it seems that it depends on the protocol. Ultimately, a rollup is only as good as where it is deriving its security/finality from (perhaps with the exception of a sovereign rollup). Therefore, I'll suggest the following:

```suggestion
potential near-instant finality on the rollup itself, it is ultimately limited by L1's finality (unless it is a sovereign rollup, in which case it would vary). In practice, delays are sometimes intentionally introduced as
```

| ---------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | **Finality**                 | Because the proof is immediately available, finality is only constrained by L1's finality (~13 minutes for Ethereum).                                                                                                                                                                 | Delayed finality (a week) due to fraud-proof mechanisms.                                                                                                                                 | Fast finality (under 1 minute) via relay chain consensus.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Finality**                 | Because the proof is immediately available, finality is only constrained by L1's finality (for example, ~13 minutes for Ethereum).                                                                                                                                                                 | Delayed finality (a week) due to fraud-proof mechanisms.                                                                                                                                 | Fast finality (under 1 minute) via relay chain consensus.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
```
